---
Authors: M. Nasirian, Y. P. Lin, C. F. Bustillo-Lecompte & M. Mehrvar
Title: Enhancement of photocatalytic activity of titanium dioxide using non-metal doping methods under visible light
Year: 2017
Journal: International Journal of Environmental Science and Technology
Issue: 15
Number: 
URL: https://sci-hub.se/https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/S13762-017-1618-2
Date: 2024-12-02
tags: Chemistry
---
# Notes
- This research review explores methods for enhancing the photocatalytic activity of titanium dioxide (TiO₂) under visible light. 
- **Non-metal doping** of TiO₂, specifically, is examined as a means to overcome TiO₂'s limited visible light absorption, a key limitation for practical applications. 
- The review details various doping methods, including **annealing and hydrothermal**, comparing their efficiencies and highlighting the advantages of the hydrothermal approach due to its versatility. 
- Finally, the paper analyzes key parameters influencing the synthesis and photocatalytic performance of non-metal-doped TiO₂, such as dopant concentration and calcination temperature, ultimately aiming to improve the efficiency of **wastewater treatment** through photocatalysis.
# Highlights
- Titanium dioxide (TiO2) is a widely studied photocatalyst due to its numerous advantages such as high chemical stability, high photoreactivity, low cost and non-toxicity. However, TiO2 can only absorb ultraviolet (UV) light, which accounts for only around 5% of the solar spectrum. This limitation arises from its large band gap energy of 3.2 eV. Moreover, the rapid recombination rate of the generated electron-hole pairs restricts its practical applications.
- Doping TiO2 with non-metals is a promising strategy to enhance its photoactivity under visible light. This approach involves introducing dopants onto the O2- sites to modify the valence band of TiO2, effectively **reducing the band gap energy**. The consequence of this modification is a shift in the optical absorption towards the visible light region, enabling the production of hydroxyl radicals, potent oxidizers that facilitate the breakdown of organic pollutants.
- Non-metal doping offers several advantages over metal doping, including **superior thermal stability** and **reduced environmental toxicity**. Metal dopants, while initially enhancing photoactivity, **can become recombination centers under high light intensity**, ultimately diminishing the photocatalytic process. Non-metal doping, on the other hand, primarily relies on factors like dopant concentration, energy level within the lattice, electron configuration, distribution of dopants, oxygen vacancies on the surface of the lattice, and incident light intensity to govern its activity.
- Various methods exist for synthesizing non-metal-doped TiO2, each with its own merits and drawbacks. *Annealing* and *hydrothermal methods* stand out as the most efficient in terms of time and cost. The annealing method is noted for its simplicity and ease of control over the final product's characteristics through calcination temperature and time. However, it is *limited to using solid precursors*. The hydrothermal method, while *requiring specialized equipment* like Teflon-lined autoclaves, offers a wider range of precursors and allows for greater control over the physical structure of the resulting catalyst. Other methods include *sol-gel*, *microwave-assisted*, *anodic oxidation*, *electrochemical anodization* and *solvothermal methods*.
- The effectiveness of non-metal doping is influenced by several parameters during both synthesis and photocatalytic reactions. The **choice of the non-metal** dopant source, **the solvent** used in the synthesis process, the **concentration of dopants** in the photocatalyst, and the **calcination temperature** all play a significant role in the final photocatalytic efficiency. Additionally, the photocatalytic process itself is affected by factors like the **catalyst** and **organic pollutant** loading and the **pH** of the solution.
- Studies on the stability and recyclability of non-metal-doped TiO2 photocatalysts have demonstrated their potential for practical applications. While some catalysts exhibit a slight decrease in photocatalytic activity after multiple cycles, others maintain high efficiency, suggesting good stability, reliability, and durability. This durability is crucial for long-term use in applications like wastewater treatment
- Non-metal-doped TiO2 has shown promise in various applications, particularly in **wastewater treatment systems**. The enhanced photocatalytic activity under visible light enables the effective degradation of various organic pollutants commonly found in industrial wastewater. However, future research should focus on *optimizing the doping process*, exploring different nanostructures, and investigating the practicality of these photocatalysts under diverse energy sources and environmental conditions. Addressing these challenges will pave the way for wider adoption of non-metal-doped TiO2 in environmental remediation and other fields.
