---
Year: 2025
Month: May
Date: 2025-05-21
Journal: true
Gym: false
Mood: 7
---

#  Wednesday, May 21st 2025

> [!quote] Fear of failure is one attitude that will keep you at the same point in your life.
> — Byron Pulsifer
## Daily Entries
Goal today: At least 10 samples for MSc - done
### Daily Tracker
- [x] Block 1 – Python Bandgap Extractor @xp:10
- [x] Block 2 – Sample Gathering @xp:10
- [ ] Block 3 –  @xp:10
- [x] Hobby – Obsidian @xp:5
- [ ] Article of the Day - @xp:5
- [x] Reset – Anita @xp:5
- [x] Summary –  @xp:5
### What I did Today
Woke up pretty early (5:30), becaouse it was so bright outside, and then I went back to sleep. Me and Anita finally woke up at around 6:30, ate very tasty breakfast and went on my way to school. After first lesson with 7th graders, i had over 2 hours of spare time, which I intended to spend doing uni work and other things.
I plan to finish formatting my bookshelf template on obisidian, to make it export ready. 
The rest of the day in school was prettty lazy ass i didn ot have enough energy to give the kids a 100%, but it was still pretty nice.
I went home pretty quickly and did my MSc work, followed by some github shenenigans. At 5 PM my private lessons with Gregor started, and damn did he make some progress recently... That is something that I'm proud of. Anyway, I started feeling tired afterwards, and some time went by with me doing some obsidian work. Anita came at around 6:30 and we proceeded to spend time together. From one side - really nice. From the other... she wastes so much of her own time that sometimes it's just too much. 
### Reflections
#### What I liked
Commuting today was very convenient, and I made it for the earlier bus, which was very fortunate. 
As of 10 AM, the day in school is also going pretty well
Gregor is making a good deal of progress under my supervision in physics. 
#### What I disliked
7A grade being not very nice (as usual recently). To think they were my favourites one day...
Anita came at 6:30 and as of 9:30 we did absolutely nothing today together.
#### What am I grateful for?
Having 3 lessons called off... Feels good.
### Daily Thoughts
I am starting to get the hang of obsidian better everyday
##
[[📓2025-21]]
