---
Year: 2025
Month: May
Date: 2025-05-19
Journal: true
Gym: false
Mood: 8
---

#  Monday, May 19th 2025

> [!quote] Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
> — George Orwell
## Daily Entries
### What I did Today
Woke up, ate bagels for breakfast. Me and anita got ready and went to uni. 
The day in uni started with lecture from Molecular descriptors, followed by preparing the things for tommorow's workshops for highschoolers that will visit us tommorow - we will be doing our Harry Potter chemistry show. Mati helped, so it was nice. Time went by fast, and we went to labs from Molecular Dynamics. Shitty, slow and unproductive.
After uni i went home, bought a prebaked pizza, ate it fast and had some private lessons with Pawel.
Afterwards, I relaxed a bit and here i am - so overall not a very crazy day.
### Reflections
#### What I liked
Mateusz helping me prepare tommorow's show, and also that he confirmed we could be doing icecream during the summer. Another nice thing was that private lessons with pawel went by fast. 
#### What I disliked
Hmmm, mostly labs from molecular dynamics i think... Czarek absolutely did his worst during that one, the instruction was so unclear. Also, babcia jadzia's birthday is coming up, and we f'd up with dates a bit - we thought it will be one week earlier so we booked time to visit Anita's parents then. I talked about it briefly with mom, and she said that we should be there for grandma. I  really dont know what to do.
#### What am I grateful for?
I am grateful for the relaxing time that I had today.
### Daily Thoughts
A bit of a break from journalling - I keep going back in my head that i should be doing this, and because of that i forget that i WANT to be doing this, and so this in my head becomes an unbearable chore. 
Thinking about it, this is really interesting that the more I want to be consistent in things like that, the harder it is for me. 
##
[[📓2025-21]]
