---
Year: 2025
Month: May
Date: 2025-05-20
Journal: true
Gym: false
Mood: 9
---

#  Tuesday, May 20th 2025

> [!quote] A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
> — Elbert Hubbard
## Daily Entries
### Daily Tracker
- [x] Block 1 – School @xp:10
- [x] Block 2 – MSc @xp:10
- [ ] Block 3 – @xp:10
- [x] Hobby – Obsidian @xp:5
- [x] Reset – Balatro @xp:5
- [x] Summary – ___ @xp:5
### Goal for the day
Checking the tests of my students. DONE
### What I did Today
Woke up pretty early (before 7 AM), drank some coffee, while trying to work on my morning ritual. Afterwards, i focused entirely on checking the tests of my students to get it done. When that was over, I ate breakfast. 
Today, I have menaged to set up a way to get a hold on my productivity on obsidian. We will work on the pricing of everything, but so far it seems good.
I went to the doctor's today and my results came out a surprice - my left eye got better by 1D and my right eye got slighly worse. Weird, because i remembered my vision impairment differently. Afterwards - we had a chemistry show, which went pretty well, even though it was for highschoolers. We menaged to do everything almost right, and i went for dinner with mati. Afterwards - home and studying. Did everything i planned to do, which I'm proud off, and proceeded to hav eprivate lessons with Agnieszka. 
Went by bike to anita's place, as I am staying there for the night. Tommorow school - thanfully, I have less lessons than i should
### Reflections
#### What I liked
A surge of motivation in the morning to 'get shit done'. 
Good words from the doctor, especially that i dont have to wait a year for the eye operation. 
#### What I disliked
Not all of my students doing particularly well on the test
#### What am I grateful for?
Commuting was easy
I figured out the app to watch out for my budget.
### Daily Thoughts
I am hyped to be improving my productivity and workflow in the following days. 
##
[[📓2025-21]]
