---
Year: 2024
Month: November
Date: 2024-11-12
Journal: true
Gym: false
Mood: 5
---


#  Tuesday, November 12th 2024
Error generating daily quote
## **Tasks**
  - [x] Article of the day ✅ 2024-11-12
```tasks
not done
due today
group by filename
path does not include templates
sort by due reverse
```
## Daily Entries
### What I Did Today
- went to the notary to deny inheriting some debts from Grandpa's dead sister
- cracked the HCA algorithm, it is almost working. I will finish it on friday i think 
- travelled to Gdańsk
- AOTD (not good)
- Anita picked me up and we went home
- we cooked carbonara and then i had my private lessons. Today's roster is pretty decent, although I like the Wednesday guys more
- had some good time together with Anita
- ate some sandwiches for supper, watched kurzgesagt and then back to speding time with Anita
### Reflections
#### What I liked
- seeing grandparents
- dealing with the notary things, it was actually pretty decent
- the way home, noone bothered me the whole ride to Gdańsk
- finally seeing Anita after a week
- almost finishing my code doing HCA, it already does clusters, i just need to check if it is doing it right
#### What I disliked
- having a real awkward moment with Anita in the evening. I got really shy for no particular reason at all and then backed out of any physicalness, I really have no clue how and why did it happen
- Extra mediocre article read today
#### What am I grateful for?
- that Anita made time to see me earlier
- grandparents giving me some pocket money and giving me a ride to Elblag
### Daily Thoughts
## Learning
### What I learned
 - Nash equilibrium
 - the tragedy of commons
 - couple new commands for python
### Interesting fact
**Did you know about the concept of "time crystals"?** These are a phase of matter that was first proposed in 2012 and confirmed in experiments in 2016. Unlike standard crystals that repeat in space, time crystals repeat in time, meaning their atoms show a pattern of movement over time that repeats indefinitely without using energy. This peculiar behavior defies the laws of traditional physics and has potential implications for quantum computing. Time crystals could fundamentally alter our understanding of the physical world by demonstrating that perpetual motion, at least at the quantum level, might be possible.
### Something to remember
- The concept of Nash equilibrium, introduced by John Nash, plays a pivotal role in understanding rational interactions in economic scenarios. It represents a state in which no player can improve their position by unilaterally changing their strategy, underlining the self-enforcing nature of equilibrium

[[📓2024-46]]
