---
Year: 2024
Month: November
Date: 2024-11-10
Journal: true
Gym: false
Mood: 7
---
- Tags: [[📓2024-45]]

#  Sunday, November 10th 2024
> [!quote] To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
> — Ken S. Keyes
## **Tasks**
  - [x] Article of the day ✅ 2024-11-10
  - [x] digitalize chemometrics and other lectuers 📅 2024-11-11
```tasks
not done
due today
group by filename
path does not include templates
sort by due reverse
```
## Daily Entries
### What I Did Today
- Tried to help dad with some tables from work, tried to make a python program extracting information from those tables, but unfortunately it was not working for some reason
- read yesterday's and today's article, made notes
- played arena
### Reflections
#### What I liked
- Being peacefully at home
- Meeting with jesus
- Catching up on journal and AOTD
#### What I disliked
- I ate too many sweet treats today
#### What am I grateful for?
- Getting a chance to finally sleep in without any alarm
### Daily Thoughts
getting better at limited would go a long way in terms of not spending so much money on boosters
## Learning
### What I learned
- Trained myself how to better do stuff in python and pandas
- Brief history of Prototype games
- Correlation between food production and central forms of government in early cultures
### Interesting fact
**Neutron stars can spin at incredibly high speeds, up to 716 times per second?** These stars are the remnants of massive stars that have exploded in supernovae. Despite their small size—about 20 kilometers in diameter—they are incredibly dense, and when they collapse, they can spin at phenomenal rates. This rapid spinning also causes them to emit beams of electromagnetic radiation, which can be detected as pulses when the beams are oriented toward Earth, much like a cosmic lighthouse. These are known as pulsars, and they are some of the universe's most precise clocks.
### Something to remember
**Xenia (Greek: ξενία)** is an ancient Greek concept of hospitality. It is almost always translated as '**guest-friendship**' or 'ritualized friendship'. It is an institutionalized relationship rooted in generosity, gift exchange, and reciprocity.