---
Year: 2024
Month: November
Date: 2024-11-07
Journal: true
Gym: false
Mood: "6"
---
- Tags: [[📓2024-45]]

#  Thursday, November 7th 2024
> [!quote] The greatest way to live with honour in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
> — Socrates

## **Tasks for Today**
- [x] Writing the article 📅 2024-11-07 ✅ 2024-11-07
- [x] Try to launch linux via laptop 📅 2024-11-11 ✅ 2024-11-11
- [x] Read up on limited arhcetypes in Foundations 📅 2024-11-08 ✅ 2024-11-08
```tasks
not done
due today
group by filename
sort by due
path does not include templates
```
## Daily Entries
### What I Did Today
Maths, which was boring, we started matrices and that is something im struggling with. 
Quantum chemistry in practice, in which i started calculating ionization energies of ions. Soon i will also be calculating electron affinity. Im gonna try to get ahead on the weekend. 
Private lessons with Gregor(tough but fair), Zuzu (slugfest) and Zuzia. 
After that, I finished AOTD and played helldivers. 
### Reflections
#### What I liked
- Everything during Quantum Chemistry in Practice going smoothly 
- Getting to uni by bike 
- Doing everything (almost) that i planned to do
- Chilling with Mati and Arek in Helldivers
#### What I disliked
- Boredom during maths
- Aga acting delusional during labs
- Anita away 
#### What am I grateful for?
- Very good breakfast
- Not having to do any major food shoping for a while now
- Having time and possibility to work on the Obsidian
- People attending my private lessons
### Daily Thoughts
I really want to go to the gym tommorow, and am excited for Foundations Prerelease. 
I dont see why wouldnt I build rakdos again tommorow. After all, it's my favourite color combination. 
Also, Aga really irritates me. She tries to be all over the place.
I don't really thing Trump winning is that bad. I mean, I do have mixed feelings as he is a horrible person, but I thing in terms of peace in Poland and East Europe this is a slightly better option. Only time will tell.
## Learning
### What I learned
- Basics of how blockchains work.
- Revision of matrices on math 
- Calculating Ionization Potential with Gaussian
### Interesting fact
Around the 18th century, composers like Mozart were experimenting with **"Musikalisches Würfelspiel" or "musical dice games"**, which were essentially a form of algorithmic composition. Players would roll dice to assemble pre-composed measures of music into new compositions based on the results. This early form of algorithmic music laid a conceptual groundwork for the computer-generated algorithms used in music composition today.
### Something to remember
Orbitals are mathematical functions that desribe probablity of finding electron 
Spinorbitals are functions that also describe the spin of the electron and help us calculate stuff like ionization energy