---
Year: 2024
Month: November
Date: 2024-11-08
Journal: true
Gym: true
Mood: 9
---
- Tags: [[📓2024-45]]

#  Friday, November 8th 2024
<< [[2024-11-07]] | [[2024-11-09]] >>
> [!quote] It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
> — Sam Levenson
## **Tasks**
  - [x] Article of the day ✅ 2024-11-10
  - [x] Article of the day 🔁 every day ✅ 2024-11-08
  - [x] Calculate distance matrix for Chemometrics without math.dist() 📅 2024-11-15
```tasks
not done
due today
group by filename
path does not include templates
sort by due reverse
```
## Daily Entries
### What I Did Today
- Exploratory Analysis of Multidimensional Chemical Space, calculating descriptors and starting to do HCA (labs and lecture)
- Gym, fast and efficient arm workout, did abs today also :)
- Hińczyk
- Getting missing notes from Chemometrics
- Prerelease!!
### Reflections
#### What I liked
- Being the first person in the lab to figure how to loop through dataframe to make distance matrix in Python 
- Being active during the lecture and not bsing my way though it. 
- Nice chat with Mati, Nina and Mati in the tram
#### What I disliked
- There was a lot of people in the gym
- Did not sleep well, I'm pretty tired
- Zuzia trying to push going to cyprus for 7 days instead of 5, i would much more like being there for 5 days.
#### What am I grateful for?
- Maciej in the gym showing me new bicep exercise
- Having enough money to go for both days of Prerelease
### Daily Thoughts
- I looked really good in the gym today, good enough to take a photo
- I need to catch up with this year's notes and put them into obsidian, don't know if I can do it, I'll surely need some time.
- Probably will start to make a more well-defined database of NPCs and places for Ravnica campaign
- Ooops,, the prerelease was very pleasing, although I built a deck that was so slow and i just had 3 draws and 2 loses

## Learning
### What I learned
- Calculating desriptors using RDkit and mordred in python
- Exporting multiple dataframes into same excel sheet
- Making distance matrix in Python
- HCA is how our brain works
### Interesting fact
 **Ancient Greeks had a device known as the Antikythera mechanism, which is often considered the world's first analog computer?** Discovered in a shipwreck off the Greek island of Antikythera in 1901, this device dates back to around 100 BC. It's believed to have been used to predict astronomical positions and eclipses for calendrical and astrological purposes using a complex system of gears. The level of mechanical sophistication exhibited by the Antikythera mechanism was not seen again until the development of similar astronomical clocks in the 14th century.
### Something to remember
- Digital Gardens are like **personal websites or blogs where people share their own ideas and knowledge with the world**. It's a way for people to express themselves, work on their writing skills, and discuss topics that interest them, iterating articles and pages as their knowledge grows. The term can also be used here, for obsidian :)