---
Year: 2024
Month: November
Date: 2024-11-09
Journal: true
Gym: false
Mood: 10
---
- Tags: [[📓2024-45]]

#  Saturday, November 9th 2024
> [!quote] All know the way; few actually walk it.
> — Bodhidharma
## **Tasks**
  - [x] Article of the day
  - [x] Finish organizing rares 🔽 📅 2024-12-31
```tasks
not done
due today
group by filename
path does not include templates
sort by due reverse
```
## Daily Entries
### What I Did Today
- I started the day by starting to organize my mtg collection (i put some of the rares in the binder, and recalculated)
- I went into the prerelease, hoping to take a better place than yesterday. I won the first two rounds, but after that, all went south and I lost two rounds 0-2. But 2-2-0 was just enough to take a second place and win 2 packs, which had more value than both prerelease packs combined
- After that, I went to the sauna, and then home to pack up and went to Pasłęk.
### Reflections
#### What I liked
- I had way more fun during the prerelease than yesterday.
- Getting back home
- Sauna session with that one guy that has some aromas and spins the towel
- Sitting alone during the train ride.
#### What I disliked
- Some people were smelly in SideQuest. 
- That one weird guy that just came up to me and told me that I 'fucking stole' his dice from some previous event, like sure I get it, you just could have told me.
#### What am I grateful for?
- Going good during prerelease.
- Having time to go to the sauna.
### Daily Thoughts



## Learning
### What I learned
- Sadly, no
### Interesting fact
**Pirahã language, spoken by a small group of indigenous people in the Amazon rainforest in Brazil, is believed to have no fixed words for specific numbers?** The Pirahã people use terms that are roughly equivalent to 'small quantity' and 'larger quantity' instead of specific numbers. This feature of their language challenges some of the most fundamental theories about how language influences cognition, particularly the concept that numbers as a linguistic category are a universal human feature.
### Something to remember
- Third color in limited - treat it as something not equal to the primary colors, pick cards that would do good later in the game, not on the early stages. And such cards that would scale with the passing of the game.