---
Year: 2025
Month: April
Date: 2025-04-23
Journal: true
Gym: false
Mood: 6
---

#  Wednesday, April 23rd 2025

> [!quote] Your body is precious. It is our vehicle for awakening. Treat it with care.
> — Buddha
## Daily Entries
### What I did Today
Woke up with anita in the morning, and got ready to school while she made breakfast. Today I was going from Koscisuszki, so I had to leave a bit earlier. Used a mevo to get to Wrzeszcz station and then went by bus to school. Bought a snach cause i was feeling low on energy and went to school. First 3 lessons went soothly, but as the day went, it got worse. By the end of the day i was EXHAUSTED. 
Thankfully the day went by pretty fast, so I left school and went to wrzeszcz by bike to buy vaping oil. 
Afterwards I went home, tried to have some private lessons but zoom was not working, so i had to skip it. 
Did some linuxing (my laptop is already riced pretty well, cant wait to improve it further). 
Right now, as i am writing this, i am thinking of stuff to do soon, like prepping for dnd, and doing the master thesis.
### Reflections
#### What I liked
A bit of chill in the afternoon
#### What I disliked
My day at school, my way home, Zoom not working, a lot of unforeseen hardships.
#### What am I grateful for?
Anita making breakfast was very very nice
### Daily Thoughts
I feel like i am forgetting something pretty important.
I want to start up some project of my own, but I am not sure what could it be. Gotta think about it.
##
[[📓2025-17]]
