---
Year: 2024
Month: December
Date: 2024-12-06
Journal: true
Gym: false
Mood: 9
---

#  Saturday, December 6th 2024

> [!quote] We must become the change we want to see.
> — Mahatma Gandhi
## **Tasks**
  - [x] Article of the day ✅ 2024-12-07
```tasks
not done
due today
group by filename
path does not include templates
sort by due reverse
```
## Daily Entries
### What I Did Today
 - woke up with Anita, got ready 
 - went to uni for chemometrics labs and lecture
 - after that i went to chinese restaurant with mati and picked the presents for mikołajki on my way home. 
 - Afterwards, i played dying light and waited for private lesssons with zosia
 - after private lessons, Anita visited me, we hanged out a bit, cooked a steak
 - mati's dad visited us and had a coffee with us
 - Anita walked me to the train station and i went to my parent's place
 - while there, we exchanged secret santa presents! I got beer themed shower set and socks so i am really glad about it
 - then i went to my room and revived my old laptop, fiddled around in linux and had some fun
### Reflections
#### What I liked
linux working on my old laptop flawlessly
getting nice presents from secret santa
train ride going by fast
not eating that much junk while at parent's place
#### What I disliked
one weird possibly druk guy in the train, thank god some man stood up to him
little time with anita
#### What am I grateful for?

### Daily Thoughts
i am really intrigued by the BioLab program, to go to usa for a year.
## Learning
### What I learned
- basic information about k-means method
### Interesting fact
**Did you know that the universe has a color called "cosmic latte"?** Astronomers at Johns Hopkins University analyzed the light from over 200,000 galaxies and averaged the wavelengths to discover that the universe overall is a beige-ish white. The name "cosmic latte" was chosen following a public vote. This fact illustrates not only the physical properties of the universe but also how data from distant galaxies can be aggregated to reveal universal traits.
### Something to remember
anita would like some jewellery as a present
##
[[📓2024-49]]
