---
Year: 2024
Month: December
Date: 2024-12-03
Journal: true
Gym: true
Mood: 9
---
#  Tuesday, December 3rd 2024

> [!quote] Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it.
> — Wayne Dyer
## **Tasks**
  - [x] Article of the day ✅ 2024-12-03
  - [x] presentation for General Chemistry 📅 2024-12-13
  - [x] presentation for biochemistry 📅 2024-12-16 ✅ 2024-12-16
```tasks
not done
due today
group by filename
path does not include templates
sort by due reverse
```
## Daily Entries
### What I Did Today
 - woke up, made myself a nice coffee
 - article of the day
 - some work on the article
 - went to the gym (chest day)
 - sauna
 - repetitory in general chemistry (thankfully it was just an organizing class)
 - went back home with anita
 - ate dinner
### Reflections
#### What I liked
 - going to the gym
 - getting good sleep
 - finishing seminar fast
 - a lot of time for myself
#### What I disliked
 - having to come to the uni just for organization lesson
#### What am I grateful for?
 - having food prepared
 - spending time with Anita
 - getting a real good rest
### Daily Thoughts
I had fun explaining to other people from student's club that karma is not a real thing, we ranted on and on with Mati
I am so close to finishing my article it is unbelievable
## Learning
### What I learned
honestly, not much, just a little bit of history of radio, and that would be all, maybe just a bit of the recycling of polystyrene
existence of gravistars - a product of supernova, like empty shell made out of squished matter. Inside there is 'super condensed nothingness'. The nothingness has a huge amount of energy compressed inside of it. Literally unstoppable force vs immovable object.
### Interesting fact
**Did you know that octopuses have three hearts and blue blood?** To adapt to their deep-water environments, octopuses evolved a copper-based blood called hemocyanin, which is more efficient at transporting oxygen in cold and low-oxygen conditions than the iron-based hemoglobin that humans and many other animals have. Two of their hearts pump blood to the gills, where it picks up oxygen, and the third heart is responsible for circulating the oxygenated blood to the rest of the body. This fascinating biological adaptation helps them to not only survive but thrive in the ocean depths.
### Something to remember

##
[[📓2024-49]]
