---
Year: 2025
Month: March
Date: 2025-03-03
Journal: true
Gym: true
Mood: 9
---
#  Monday, March 3rd 2025

> [!quote] He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much.
> — Richard Braunstein
## Daily Entries
### What I did Today
Went to the gym with anita in the morning and I had a reallsy solid time, because I was doing a push workout which on most days is my favourite among all the workouts that I do. Afterwards, we headed for uni, but unfortunately my lecturer eamailed me that she cant make it to the lecture and that she has to cancel. So I just waited for Big Data labs that were happening at 11:00AM. At 1PM me and Mati left uni to go home, but stopped by the vape shop to refill my oil. Afterwards, I got ready to have some private lessons (Wiktoria and Pawel today). In the break between those two, I ate Pad Thai leftovers, which tasted way better than they did yesterday. Played some Chivalry 2 with Mati, read a book (almost finishing it), and followed some tutorials about DnD. 
### Reflections
#### What I liked
Big Data labs today were really good and i thoroughly enjoyed them. I hope we can achieve our grand plan  to get Michal to go to Pro'rock with us. Apart from that, private lessons were really chill, although Pawel was rough today, since we are doing d-block elements which is boring as hell. I also liked some chill and introspective time that i had to gather my thoughts about keeping my shit together and organized.
#### What I disliked
Commuting today was awful, and the weather; windy with no signs of it getting better anytime soon. Gdansk, I guess. 
#### What am I grateful for?
I am grateful that I actually have money left after a pretty 'spendy' February. I also want to thank myself for going to gym decently for past week and this week too. Apart from that, I am really proud that I am back here, writing.
### Daily Thoughts
Wow... It has been some time and I am glad i got back to being here. So last month was pretty extravagant; me nad mati passed all out things, as well as Anita and Ola, so there is really not much room for complaint. We went to Cyprus and had a lot of fun, although it was not a best time for me, mentally. I feel better now so I hope coming here from time to time will help me clear my thought. I changed my new year's resolution a bit - now i will not force myself to come here, only when a thought occurs to me that I would like to do so. Same with articles of the day. I really have this things with habits that i start to drop them the second i start to feel like they became my self-imposed duty. 
Thinking about it, the same goes for relationships. The more I think i am supposed to be this and that, the more I do not care and try to work my way around it. I think past couple months I've been harsh on Anita and I want to improve this situation. 
So from now on - I'll speak when I have something to day, maybe not everyday, but you are not forgotten, My Dear Journal. 
P.S. How do you like this new style? I'm  thinking it speaks volumes compared to the old and boring bullet points that i got used to - so pragmatic. 
Bye, 
Wiki
##
[[📓2025-10]]
