---
Year: 2025
Month: March
Date: 2025-03-04
Journal: true
Gym: false
Mood: 8
---

#  Tuesday, March 4th 2025

> [!quote] Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
> — Napoleon Hill
## Daily Entries
### What I did Today
Woke up pretty late, just in time for lecture on R programming with prof Gajewicz-Skrętna. It's a shame she leaves for PG after this semester. Took some notes, ate some legume and musli in the meantime, and then, without haste I went to get my passport, since it arrived to the passport office. I listened to two LPs on my way there and back - Polonn by Białas - which i wanted to check out for quite some time (not disappointed) and Marmur by Taco Hemingway, which I play4ed out of nostalgia. It was great, and then I wnt back home, just stopped to get some groceries in Biedronka. Cleaned my room, which was really needed, and now I am just chilling a bit.
Played some Chivalry with Mati, and then got to cooking dinner for Anita. Afterwards, I wrode some compendium for Dimea and left to see Anita.
### Reflections
#### What I liked
Having some time with my thoughts today on my way to and from passport office. 
Getting motivation to clean my room. 
#### What I disliked
Long queue for passport collection - spent a good 30 minutes there.
#### What am I grateful for?
Passport arriving fast - I hope my new ID will come as fast as the passport. 
Almost no lessons tommorow.
### Daily Thoughts
A quote from a Rhystic Studies video kept going back in my head today: 
>[!quote] "People know the cost of most things, but rarely know the value of them."

 I really love Anita, and depite I had some troublesome thoughts in recent months, I am sure now that she is the girl for me. 
##
[[📓2025-10]]
