---
Year: 2025
Month: March
Date: 2025-03-30
Journal: true
Gym: false
Mood: 8
---

#  Sunday, March 30th 2025

> [!quote] Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.
> — Melody Beattie
## Daily Entries
### What I did Today
Today started pretty late - around 10 AM, because there was a time change tonight - so actually it aws 9. Me and Anita woke up and made some Greek salad with toasts for breakfast. We drank coffee and anita started doing her uni work. In the meantime, I played some newest addition to my collection - Assassin's Creed Mirage. It got bad reviews but I am enjoying every second of it. Then we made dinner, which was steam and baked potatoes - yummy! 
After some cuddling I got around to Master's. Today I tried to find a way to migrate my notes into Obsidian, but it is not that easy as it seems. I made a template to wokr with in the future, and continued to work on excell sheet. 
I read article for the day, and now i am writing this journal entry. 
Maybe in a minute i will continue to play Mirage. 
### Reflections
#### What I liked
This day being chill, and overall satisfaction of the passing week. Thankfully, Mati was not here for the weekend so I had a lot of time alone with Anita. For example, yesterday we took a bath together and read book. We are so close to finishing it.
#### What I disliked
Mati coming back...
apart from that, all was really good.
#### What am I grateful for?
Taking a mindful time to eat and spend time with Anita. It was a wonderful weekend.
### Daily Thoughts
I am hyped for a prerelease next weekend and for concert in two weeks. Exciting two weekends are ahead of me.
##
[[📓2025-13]]
