---
Year: 2025
Month: March
Date: 2025-03-31
Journal: true
Gym: false
Mood: 7
---

#  Monday, March 31st 2025

> [!quote] Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
> — Benjamin Disraeli
## Daily Entries
### What I did Today
Today me and Anita woke up pretty late, since we decided to just make sandwiches for breakfast, which was a great idea since we did not get enough sleep last night. After some snuggle time, we woke up, ate breakfast and left home for uni. Anita took the tram only until Klonowa station, because she started her lecture at 1 PM, and I did at 9 AM. Today we had molecular descriptors, so a lecture that will surely come in handy in my Masters. Unfortunately, considerable part of the lecture was just fixing the projector.
Afterwards, we had labs from Big Data, but Michal did a lecture today on general working of it. Next week we are starting our own projects.
After labs/lecture, I came home to horrible news: Wiktoria will stop being my student, as well as Zuzia, temporarily. That makes my income smaller by 210 zl a week! Not good. 
I had private lessons only with Pawel today, and it was a struggle. They have so boring topics on chemistry now. 
Anyways, afterwards, me and Mati played some Wild Hearts, and now here I am writing this.
I plan to do some reading today, and to finish reacher. Maybe Ill do some monkeytype. No serious Uni work, that is for tomorrow. 
### Reflections
#### What I liked
Lectures today were great. I am feeling like I am owning this course.
#### What I disliked
Yesterday's mood still was upon me, feeling like I am not doing enough for Anita. Nut apart from that also cancelling of private lessons was a bad news. 210 zl weekly is a lot, almost a 1000 zl monthly. Now I am left only with 370zl/week I think
#### What am I grateful for?
That  noone else cancelled their lessons.
### Daily Thoughts
##
[[📓2025-14]]
