---
Year: 2025
Month: March
Date: 2025-03-27
Journal: true
Gym: false
Mood: 9
---

#  Thursday, March 27th 2025

> [!quote] Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
> — Bruce Lee
## Daily Entries
### What I did Today
Hello!
Today the day started very sleepy - I had trouble waking up, unlike Anita. She started making breakfast, after which I joined her. 
We went to uni together, but I had to wait for my labs since it started at 9 and Anita's started at 8 - I did some R programming to prepare for labs, so no time wasted. 
Afterwards, I had terribly boring R programming labs, since I finished everything I had to just wait. In the break before lecture me and Mati sat down and took some notes about our project - application to find chemical properties from pubchem. We went to Sklep Sklep and arrived a bit late to the lecture. Today prof. Sieradzan talked about coarse graining and various algorythms that do just that. 
We finished at 14:45 and I rushed home to have my proivate lessons at 16:00. Finished after an hour and started defreezing meat. 
I played some Wild Hearts, copied my notes, studied for tommorow (I have a meeting with Dawid and dr Alicja about my Master Thesis).
Filling this up and afterwards I'll prepare a little more stuff for tommorow. Mati left and next time I'll see him will be on sunday (thank god)
### Reflections
#### What I liked
I got to spend a lot of time with anita today, and I finally started with the app with Mati. I hate that he needs a lot of push to start doing anything remotely useful, without it he is just so focused on spending time pleasurably.
#### What I disliked
R programming was really dull
#### What am I grateful for?
The day going by fast and without much stress
### Daily Thoughts
Today, when coming back home, a little kitten stood on my way in the staircase. I stopped to pet him a bit and he followed me! I was so sad that I could not take him home. I really want to be a cat dad one day, but that day has yet to come. Thankfully, the cat distribution system works. 
He was so small and pettable though...
##
[[📓2025-13]]
