---
Year: 2025
Month: March
Date: 2025-03-05
Journal: true
Gym: false
Mood: 7
---

#  Wednesday, March 5th 2025

> [!quote] A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
> — Kahlil Gibran
## Daily Entries
### What I did Today
Woke up with Anita, and we ate some breakfast (sandwiches with fried egg, really tasty). I went to school happy that I will have only 2 lessons, nut to my suprise, Sylwia told me I have two (TWO) lessons with fourth grade, which was a nightmare. I had Sciences with them and it was really tough to get a hold of them, so we went outside for the first lesson, followed by doing some maths on the second lessons and generally yapping. After that I had two lessons with 6th grade and boy, oh, boy, not better there. They are so chaotinc and unwilling to work. Thankfully I will have 3rd Dynamic Law next week so we can have some fun with transport carts. Apart from that, the other half of the day went good- i did some work for my M.Sc, finished a book, and went home. I had a private lesson with Wiki, and Gregor cancelleed today. Zuzu forgot about her private lesson and texted me if we can postpone it, so i told her the only time i can do that is on the weekend. 
That would be all, now I am waiting for Anita to visit me. 
### Reflections
#### What I liked
For hours for myself were really nice, when I think about it, really comfortable thought that I ahd time to do stuff i havent's done yesterday. Also, private lesson with wiktoria was really chill and i enjoyed it
#### What I disliked
Gregor cancelling was not on my bucketlist, but hey, more time for me
#### What am I grateful for?
Everyone at school being understanding that i am just a student and i cant really focus 100% of my time on school stuff.
### Daily Thoughts
##
[[📓2025-10]]
